Question # 1: Write an Eloquent query to retrieve users with the first name "Adil" who are not associated with the list with list_id 55.

Answer: User::where('First_Name', 'Adil')
            ->whereDoesntHave('lists', function ($query) {
                $query->where('List_ID', 55);
            })
            ->get();


Question # 2: Write a Github Command to fetch updated code from hotfix-20230101-production branch to your feature-user-type-mae83 Branch.

Answer: let's say i am in the branch feature-user-type-mae83 and i have an hot fix on the production. following is the command i used to fetch the hot fix changes.
	
	git pull origin hotfix-20230101-production OR git pull <hash of the commit> 

	might be possible i got confilict when i pull tha hot fix changes in that case i can stash my changes and fetch the hot fix changes and stash pop my changes and then resolve the 	conflicts on my branch.


Question # 3: You are collaborating on a GitHub repository with multiple contributors. One of your collaborators has made some changes to a file and pushed them to a branch named "feature-branch." You want to review the changes locally before merging them into the main branch. Which sequence of commands allows you to fetch the changes from the "feature-branch" and view them on your local machine?

Answer: i used the followingcommand set.
	
	1. Bash
		a. git fetch origin feature-branch
		b. git checkout feature-branch
		c. git diff origin/feature-branch

Question # 4: In Redis, which data structure is best suited for maintaining a collection of unique elements where fast insertion, deletion, and membership operations are required?

Answer: Sets

Question # 5: In Agile project management, what is the purpose of the "Definition of Done" (DoD)?

Answer: C. To provide a shared understanding of the quality criteria that must be met for a user story or task to be considered complete.

Question # 6: As a senior lead, you notice a team member consistently underperforming and not meeting their targets. What is the most effective approach to address this situation?

Answer: C. Schedule a one-on-one meeting to discuss the team member's challenges and collaboratively develop an action plan for improvement.

Question # 7: What are some challenges associated with Blue-Green Deployment?

Answer: A. Increased infrastructure costs due to maintaining two environments
	B. Configuration drift between the blue and green environments
	C. Synchronizing data between the blue and green databases
	D. All of the above (all the above options are correct.)

Question # 8: Which lifecycle hook in Vue.js is NOT invoked during server-side rendering?

Answer: Mount lifecycle hook not invoked during server side rendring.

Question # 9: What is the purpose of an event source in AWS Lambda?

Answer: To trigger the execution of a Lambda function.

